The Joe Rogan experience.
You can match. If you get your together,
you could be talking like biggie and making everybody look stupid. Right.
You know that crazy. One night we was in LA and, um,
it was like within Hollywood,
somewhere and pock had biggie bunny and we was just on stage rapping and.
And everybody was freestyle and warranty, biggie, pock, and myself,
and maybe some video footage of that. Let's see if you can find that biggie,
Snoop Tupac orange-y freestyling in Hollywood. Wow.
Yeah, that was hard. And we didn't really know because at the time,
so we were looking at who was this fat,
rapper rapping was like, whenever,
when the words came out of his mouth,
stopped looking at what he looked like and was like. He got his.
One of my favorite videos in all of hip hop is biggie on the corner in Brooklyn
when he was 17 years old. Have you seen that?
Yeah, let's do this right here.
There's people in the crowd.
Biggie on stage.
Corrupt tip Qaeda.
Do you think when it comes to.
Right there, he wouldn't even own that for a records. That's this? That,
this is the crazy part. They go biggie right there.
And what year was this? 93.
It wasn't even on death row records.
He was just my homeboy that came through to with me. And he brought,
because Woody see now big,
they got a warranty right there.
Technique.
He had an explosive.
He on the west coast, in LA.
How good is his style?
Wrapping a warrant. GB.
Give me some volume, Jamie.
[inaudible] See if you can find that video of him when he was 17 years old on a
street corner. That's one of my favorites.
Cause you see like a dude is like, you know,
just a couple of years removed from being a kid.
Let's see, people don't even know that exists. Right?
You just gave us some exclusive right there. That's on YouTube,
but they don't know what exactly it.
Is here it is. This is my favorite. Give me some volume on that.
He's in front of a grocery store for.
[Inaudible].
Imagine being out there and seen a 17 year old kid rapping like that.
You're like, oh, it's over. It's over.
I was so good. I need a cigar. You ever smoke regular cigars?
Nah, I don't with those. They'd give me head rush.
I gotta have my right.
I imagine someone being that good at 17 years old.
I don't know a bunch of cats like that.
Video. I played it before only has 4,000 views on it. Wow.
I'll tell you, Joe, you owe a thousand. You finna make this.
And I'm only reason why I'm saying this is because I seen it one night on
accident. I only seen a little piece of it and I was like,
I remember that night. That was like some cool we had. Did they go Snoop Dogg,
young snow globe for you had long hair.
So what is this? This one was 4,006 interview. It says Tupac and biggie onstage.
1993. Rare. Just try to find that on YouTube and it'll pop up and that's
4,612 views as of today.
I bet you. Next time we talk that gonna have 400 some thousand bills.
Yeah. Today's November 11.
This is 93. When we all cool. Right?
We all chilling. We all know west coast, Tupac brought biggie with him.
We rocking. We let her get down with us. We go in the back, smoke, chill,
hang out. It's beautiful.
When did it go? Sideways?
Once pod got shot. When he got shot,
he felt like they did it. But.
This was when he got shot in New York before he got shot in Vegas.
And.
He felt like someone from the west coast was involved. No.
Or.
From the east coast, excuse me. Yes.
And later information came up that the people that he thought did it had
nothing to do with it. So.
So by him accusing people of it, it kind of sat there.
And then by him being bailed out by death row records and death row records add
more gasoline to the fire and him being a part of the most gangster,
his labeling the world that his opposition didn't want no issues with.
It only exited on as opposed to let's find a resolution.
Now let's keep making it more of a problem. Right. You know, in hindsight,
we should've been sitting him down saying, nah, let's not go after him.
Let's just make great music. And you know you on bail right now.
He wasn't even out of jail. He was out on bail when he got killed.
It's um,
it's obviously you're dealing with giant cultural
influences and big business too. Cause the, the business of rap is big business,
but there's comparisons to that and what's happening with other countries.
It really is. Yeah, man, man, but you can all get along, but Joe,
did you see this? They see how pure that was. Yes I did. Yeah, I did.
We were all young. I was 22. Pock was 22.
We was all the same age. So it was like,
this is us at 22 years old being young MCs competitive.
You see the spirit, he was rapping when he was rapping.
Like he was battling the same way he was rapping on the corner. Right.
Same spirit. But that's what hip hop was like. We,
we enjoy when somebody could come and hold his own.
But what's really crazy is if that's 1993,
that is at the very most
a ten-year-old art form.
15 At.
15, 15 at the most. Yeah. 15 like w where it really emerges.
Right.
So within 15 years you have from almost no
influence to almost the most influence.
Depending on what month that was either.
I just caught the case or I hadn't caught the case and the way I'm looking
on it don't look like I caught a case. Wow. By the way. Yeah.
I'm looking at my spirit and my body and right. You're not thinking about it.
Yeah. And when I caught the case, all that kind of was over with right.
Watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.